uh i'm a sophomore in high school and i
quit playing video games when i was in
eighth grade i can just say like my life
has gotten completely better i've always
been a heavy gamer you understand like
since playstation one
come out i was there man crash bandicoot
rayman all of that i was there p2p free
fifa call of duty ufc
anything you can think of playing
heavily for my whole life bro i looked
at myself like i'm not where i need to
be man like you know i'm saying where i
see myself being and
what the aims i got for myself are very
high record requires a lot of time i
need to put a lot of dedication and
focus into it reason number one why i
quit
playing video games
completely
is because i actually got arrested
in december
of 2020.
i got arrested
uh and i was in juvenile hall
for
one two three four
about five months i was in juvenile hall
i don't even own
video games at all anymore i don't even
this the closest thing i have to video
games right now hold on
is this
nintendo that i play probably once a
month like i didn't even make a
conscious decision to start playing
video games you know i didn't think oh
i'm going to stop playing video games at
this date it just happened naturally
there's a lot of things i've stopped
doing just just like unconsciously it
just happened you know when i was in
eighth grade i tried being a gaming
youtuber
and
i played fortnite i played
uh
gta call of duty
all like the mainstream games like the
popular games
and i really got nowhere i got about six
views
per video
and
i
knew that was bad even i had high
expectations for myself
and i even knew that was bad if you
spent hours and hours on gaming you're
going to be a really good gamer if you
spend hours and hours
reading you're going to be
intellectually smart and if you spend
hours training every day you're going to
progress in your physique etc etc i'm
not going to be a gamer anymore
like even if i wanted to i couldn't i've
lost all my skill that i used to have
i haven't played video games in like two
years i'm just completely done with that
completely done i'm not even gonna try
to save up money to buy a playstation or
anything because i'm happy with my life
the way it is now
um it's improved so much since i quit
and
i'm just happier my life has gotten
completely better
um me and my mom's relationship has
improved like phenomenally
my room is clean most the time like
right now
like this is my room right now
like
it's
it's not depressing i feel comfortable
in here
and
when i played video games there would be
chips
on the floor on my desk bro you can't
spend more time on games and then what
you're trying to be in that bro that's
just simple facts
simple fact if you're trying to be let's
say a footballer or a flipping rapper
bro you can't spend more time playing
games and doing rapping or whatever it
is that you want to do it's that simple
i've built like a completely
new person i'm somebody else now i
changed when i was in juvie
um
i
i was bullied a lot because of my race
um
because my background people didn't know
much about me so they just
assumed i was like a rich white kid
uh
i'm smiling but it's really not that
funny like
i was bullied a lot i got in a lot of
fights i actually failed uh one of the
camps i was at i failed it for getting
into multiple fights
um i got pepper sprayed i got jumped
uh
a lot a lot happened when i was
incarcerated
um but yeah when i got released i moved
to this new city i've been doing a lot
better
it's been about one year right now since
i've not played a video game at all i
even sold my playstation in fact like i
don't even own a video
game anywhere i saw my playstation and
that's it
so
whoever's seeing this you guys are
probably like
my brother my cousins my friends
something like no not my friends because
i don't have it
anyway um
whoever's seeing this
probably
is just a random person honestly whoever
plays video games still which is like 80
of the people that
are gonna see this video
um
i'm not going to tell you to stop
obviously if that makes you happy and a
random kid on youtube tells you to stop
you're obviously not going to because i
know i wouldn't have
but
just taking consideration that like
things will get better if you choose to
play less
i know you fall into like a certain
group of people if you play video games
i know i did um
things may be different now i haven't
played video games in two years like i
said
uh but
yeah it it'll help you emotionally it'll
help your family relationships
incredibly like i can't even explain
it'll just help everything you will like
all around just feel like a more
grown-up mature person
i know i do i'm almost 16
and
i'm ready to like
move on with my life i have aspirations
you know i've got my fitness aspiration
i have my self-development aspirations
like how am i spending hours every
single day playing games when i'm not
when i'm not even spending hours into my
purpose that's the main question i have
to ask myself the that's the main
question that got me to just focus my
attention into what's what matters how
can i spend hours on playing games
and then not spend as much time into
progressing myself that's the number one
question you have to ask yourself you
know that's what i ask myself i'm
excited honestly i'm excited for my
future i'm like i'm ready
you know
let me know if you guys enjoyed this
video for the five people that have
probably seen this
or less i don't know uh just let me know
and
yeah
that's it i guess i really don't know
what to say uh if you know me from
school
hi uh
if you know me because you're in my
family um
hi
i don't
i don't know